Version
- 1.10.0

Release date
- 19-July-2022

Features :
  1. All,Active,Inactive stats API integration in all Dashboard listing tabs
  2. Cancel filter functionality in all API Integrated screens   
  3. Period values Dropdown API Integration in all user and location detail pages,
  BUS request listing page
  4. FDS Sessions listing page (UI only without Filter)
  5. In Person Visits listing page (UI only with Filter)
  6. User profile page for Supervisor
  7.  API integration for the following screens: (Only the Assigned,UnAssigned
  listing data is integrated with API, "Add" functionality is not implemented
  due to API dependency )
      i. Add ML in Supervisor detail
      ii. Add SWA in Supervisor detail
      iii. Add Households in ML detail
      iv.  Add SWA in ML detail
  8.  API integration in SWA detail page for the following listings:
      i. Municipalities
      ii. Barangays
      iii. Health Facilities
      iv. Educational Facilities
  9. Following Client changes in ML detail and SWA detail pages:
       i. Remove Assignment screens for Municipalities in ML detail and SWA detail
       ii. Remove Assignment screens in SWA detail if user navigates to SWA detail page directly
       through Dashboard SWA listing screens
       iii. Remove MLs field from Household listing data in Household assignment 
       screen of ML detail screen
  10. Periods API implementation in all user detail screens
  11. Educational Facility detail screen (UI only)
  12. BUS request listing for(with API integration):
    i. Change Of address
    ii. Change Of Member Status
    iii. Change Of Household Status
  13. BUS request detail page for(with API integration):
    i. Change Of address  
    ii. Change Of Member Status
    iii. Change Of Household Status
  14. Approval/Rejection flow for the following BUS request forms:
    i. Change Of address  
    ii. Change Of Member Status
    iii. Change Of Household Status
  15. Selection of Requests logic for Approval pending in Bulk approval for
  BUS requests listing page.
  16. Search placeholder with the searchable field names in All Dashboard listing
  pages and Detail pages,BUS request listing page.  
  17. All,Assigned,UnAssigned count API integration in "Add SWA" of ML detail page.

Misc :
1. API integration pending on the remaining screens
2. Group dropdown does not have values due to API dependency.
3. Modality code descriptions does not match with design due to API dependency.

Bug Fixes : (Jira IDs)
1. ABC-172
2. ABC-171